afs.dev: henry
async.dev: ray and henry
bbox.dev: igor
bboxutil.dev: igor
bcp.dev: alex
bit.dev: ray and henry
bitcmyk.dev: ray and henry
bitrgb.dev: ray and henry
bitrgbtags.dev: ray and henry
bj10e.dev: ray and henry
bj200.dev: ray and henry
bjc600.dev: ray and henry
bjc800.dev: ray and henry
bmp16.dev: ray and henry
bmp16m.dev: ray and henry
bmp256.dev: ray and henry
bmp32b.dev: ray and henry
bmpa16m.dev: ray and henry
bmpamono.dev: ray and henry
bmpgray.dev: ray and henry
bmpmono.dev: ray and henry
bmpsep1.dev: ray and henry
bmpsep8.dev: ray and henry
btoken.dev: alex
cdeskjet.dev: ray and henry
cdj550.dev: ray and henry
cdjcolor.dev: ray and henry
cdjmono.dev: ray and henry
cfax.dev: ray and henry
cfd.dev: alex
cfe.dev alex
cfe.dev: alex
cff.dev: igor
cidfont.dev: igor
cidlib.dev: igor
cie.dev: micheal
cielib.dev: michael
clfile.dev: igor
clist.dev: igor
cljet5.dev: ray and henry
cljet5c.dev: ray and henry
cljet5pr.dev: ray and stefan
clmemory.dev: igor
cmaplib.dev: igor
cmapread.dev: igor
cmyklib.dev: michael
cmykread.dev michael
colimlib.dev: michael
color.dev: michael
compfont.dev: igor
crc32.dev: ken
cspixel.dev: ralph
cspixlib.dev: ralph
dct.dev: alex
dctd.dev: alex
dcte.dev: alex
deskjet.dev: ray and henry
devcmap.dev: obsolete
devicen.dev: ralph
djet500.dev: ray and henry
dpnxtlib.dev: ralph
dps.dev: ?
dps2int.dev: ?
dps2lib.dev: ?
dps2read.dev: ?
dpsand2.dev: ?
dpslib.dev: ?
dpsnext.dev ?
dscparse.dev: alex
eps9high.dev: ?
eps9mid.dev: ?
epsf.dev: alex
epson.dev: ralph
epsonc.dev: ralph
epswrite.dev: ken
fapi.dev: igor
fapif.dev: igor
fapiu.dev: igor
farc4.dev: ken
fax.dev: ray and henry
faxg3.dev: ray and henry
faxg32d.dev: ray and henry
faxg4.dev: ray and henry
fcopy.dev: ken
fdecode.dev: alex
filter.dev: alex
fimscale.dev: alex
fmd5.dev: ken
frsd.dev: alex
func.dev: igor
func4.dev: igor
func4lib.dev: igor
funclib.dev: igor
fzlib.dev: alex
gsiodevs.dev: ray and henry
gsnogc.dev: obsolete
gxfapiu.dev: igor
gxfapiu1.dev: igor
hpgl2.dev: henry
hpgl2c.dev: henry
htxlib.dev: ralph
ibmpro.dev: ray and henry
icc.dev: michael
icclib.dev: michael
ijs.dev: ray and henry
ijslib.dev: ray and henry
imasklib.dev: alex
imdi.dev: ray
iodevice.dev: ray and henry
iscale.dev: alex
isupport.dev: igor
jasper.dev: ralph
jasper_0.dev: ralph
jbig2.dev: ralph
jbig2dec.dev: ralph
jbig2dec_0.dev: ralph
jpeg.dev: ray and henry
jpege6.dev: third party
jpeggray.dev: ray and henry
jpx.dev: ralph
jpx_jasper.dev: ralph
laserjet.dev: ray and henry
ldf_jb2.dev: ralph
libcore.dev:

    gsalloc, gsmalloc, gsmemlok, gsmemory, gsmemret: igor

    stream strmio: alex

    gsistate: alex

    gsalpha, gscolor, gshtscr, gscspace, gsovrc, gsht, gscicach,
    gxoprect, gxdcconv, gxcmap, gxdcolor, gxht, gxhldev, gxhtbit: ralph

    gsbitcom, gsbitops, gsbittab: ?

    gschar, gsfont, gstext, gscedata, gscencs, gsgdata, gsgcache,
    gxccache, gxccman, gxchar, gxfdrop: igor

    gswts, gxwts: ray (probably don't belong in libcore)

    gsimage, gxidata, gxifast, gximage, gximage1, gximono, gxipixel,
    gximask, gxsample: alex

    gscparam, gsdparam, gsdfilt, gpmisc, gscoord, gsdevice, gsfname,
    gsdevmem, gsinit, gsmatrix, gsparam, gslibctx, gsnotify, gsutil,
    gsserial, gsmisc, gsstate, gxbcache: ?

    gsimpath, gsline, gspaint, gspath, gxclip, gxcpath, gxfill,
    gxacpath, gxpaint, gxpath, gxpdash, gxpflat, gxstroke, gxpath2,
    gxpcopy: igor
libd.dev: ray
libpng.dev: third party
lj5gray.dev: ray and henry
lj5mono.dev: ray and henry
ljet2p.dev: ray and henry
ljet3.dev: ray and henry
ljet3d.dev: ray and henry
ljet4.dev: ray and henry
ljet4d.dev: ray and henry
ljetplus.dev: ray and henry
lpg.dev: third party
luratech_jp2.dev: ken
lzwd.dev: alex
lzwe.dev: alex
macglyph.dev: ralph
macres.dev: ralph
macroman.dev: ralph
page.dev: ray and henry
pagedev.dev: ray and henry
path1.dev: igor
path1lib.dev: igor
patlib.dev: igor
patread.dev: igor
pattern.dev: igor
pbm.dev: ray and henry
pbmraw.dev: ray and henry
pcl5.dev: henry
pcl5base.dev: henry
pcl5c.dev: henry
pcx16.dev: ray and henry
pcx24b.dev: ray and henry
pcx256.dev: ray and henry
pcxcmyk.dev: ray and henry
pcxgray.dev: ray and henry
pcxmono.dev: ray and henry
pdf.dev: alex
pdffonts.dev: alex
pdfread.dev: alex
pdfwrite.dev: ken
pdiff.dev: alex
pdtext.dev: ken
pdxtext.dev: ken
pgm.dev: ray and henry
pgmraw.dev: ray and henry
pgnm.dev: ray and henry
pgnmraw.dev: ray and henry
pipe.dev: ray and henry
pj.dev: ?
pjl.dev: henry
pjxl.dev: ?
pjxl300.dev: ?
pkm.dev: ray and henry
pkmraw.dev: ray and henry
pksm.dev: ray and henry
pksmraw.dev: ray and henry
pl.dev: henry
png16.dev: ray and henry
png16m.dev: ray and henry
png256.dev: ray and henry
png48.dev: ray and henry
pngalpha.dev: ralph
pnggray.dev: henry
pnggray.dev henry
pngmono.dev: henry
pngp.dev: alex
pnm.dev: ray and henry
pnmraw.dev: ray and henry
posync.dev: ?
ppm.dev: ray and henry
ppmraw.dev: ray and henry
ps2write.dev: ken
psbase.dev: alex
psdcmyk.dev: ralph
psdf.dev: igor
psdrgb.dev: ray and henry
psf.dev: igor
psf0lib.dev: igor
psf0read.dev: igor
psf1lib.dev: igor
psf2lib.dev: igor
psgray.dev: igor
psi.dev: ray and henry
psl2cs.dev: ralph
psl2lib.dev: ralph and alex
psmono.dev: igor
psrgb.dev: igor
pswrite.dev: igor
pxl.dev: henry
pxlcolor.dev: ray and henry
pxlmono.dev: ray and henry
rld.dev: alex
rle.dev: alex
romfs0.dev: ray and henry
romfs1.dev: ray and henry
roplib.dev: ralph and henry
rtlbase.dev: henry
rtlbasec.dev: henry
sarc4.dev: ralph
sdctd.dev: alex
sdcte.dev: alex
sddparam.dev: alex
seexec.dev: alex and ralph (ralph for gscrypt)
sepr.dev: ralph
seprlib.dev: ralph
sfile.dev: ray and henry
shadelib.dev: igor
sicclib.dev: ralph
simscale.dev: alex
sjbig2.dev: ralph
sjbig2_.dev: ralph
sjbig2_jbig2dec.dev: ralph
sjbig2_luratech.dev: ralph
sjpx.dev: ralph
sjpx_jasper.dev
sjpx_jasper.dev: ralph
sjpx_luratech.dev: ralph
slzwd.dev: alex
slzwe.dev: alex
smd5.dev: ralph
spotcmyk.dev: ralph
stcolor.dev: ?
strdline.dev: alex
svgwrite.dev: ralph
szlibd.dev: alex
szlibe.dev: alex
tfax.dev: ray and henry
tiff12nc.dev: ray and henry
tiff24nc.dev: ray and henry
tiff32nc.dev: ray and henry
tiffcrle.dev: ray and henry
tiffg3.dev: ray and henry
tiffg32d.dev: ray and henry
tiffg4.dev: ray and henry
tiffgray.dev: ray and henry
tifflzw.dev: ray and henry
tiffpack.dev: ray and henry
tiffs.dev: ray and henry
tiffsep.dev: ray and henry
tracedev.dev: igor
translib.dev: ralph
transpar.dev: ralph
traplib.dev: ralph
ttflib.dev: igor
ttfont.dev: igor
type1.dev: igor
type2.dev: igor
type32.dev: igor
type42.dev: igor
ufst.dev: henry
uniprint.dev: ray and henry
unix_.dev: ?
upath.dev: igor
usparam.dev: ray and henry
vector.dev: igor
wtscmyk.dev: ray
wtsimdi.dev: ray
x11.dev: ralph
x11alpha.dev: ralph
x11alt_.dev: ralph
x11cmyk.dev: ralph
x11gray2.dev: ralph
x11gray4.dev: ralph
x11mono.dev: ralph
xcf.dev: ralph
xps.dev: tor
zfrsd.dev: alex
zlibd.dev: third party
zlibe.dev: third party

General (high level) Ownership
--------------------

color:michael
fonts:igor
gslite:henry
images:alex
memory:igor
non windows makefiles:ralph
pcl, pxl, pl:henry
pdf interpreter:alex
ps, pdf, eps write:ken
vectors:igor
windows makefiles:ray
xps:tor

